NEWS for the 1.11 release

	Nettle no longer uses automake. Side effects:

	  * Dependency tracking is enabled only for gcc-3 (help with
	    supporting dependency tracking with other compilers is
	    appreciated).
	  
	  * Makefile compatibility with make programs other than GNU
	    make is mostly unknown, please report any problems.

	Support for arctwo.

	Fixes to the libdes compatibility code. Declarations should
	now match openssl/libdes better. des_cbc_cksum pads
	input with NUL's, if it's not an integral number of blocks (in
	general, such unreversible padding is a bad idea).

	By default, also the static library is compiled as position
	independent code. This is needed on some systems to make it
	possible to link nettle into a dynamically loaded module. Use
	the configure flag --disable-pic if this is not desired.

	Stricter constness typing for the sexp_iterator_assoc and
	sexp_iterator_check_types arguments.

	Minor tweaks of arcfour on x86 cpu:s, to speed it up on older
	x86 variants such as PII and PPro.

	The shared library is intended to be binary compatible with
	nettle-1.8 - nettle-1.10. Only the minor version number of the
	shared library is increased. The soname is still
	libnettle.so.2.

NEWS for the 1.10 release

	Nettle should now compile also on Tru64, Darwin, FreeBSD and
	Windows. (The only tested windows build uses the rntcl rsh
	wrapper to run the command line M$ C compiler "cl". See
	http://pike.ida.liu.se for those tools, I don't know all
	details about the Pike team's windows setup).

	There are some known testsuite failures, on Windows and on one
	of the xenofarm HPUX machines, see
	http://www.lysator.liu.se/~nisse/xeno-lsh/latest.html. Help
	tracking these down is appreciated.

	There are no new features.
	
	This release is intended to be binary compatible with
	nettle-1.8 and nettle-1.9.
	
NEWS for the 1.9 release

	Optimized C implementation of arcfour. Optimized x86
	implementations of arcfour and sha1.

	Improved benchmark program.
	
	Fixed bug in the rsa-encrypt example program.

	Fixed bug in make install, some of the header files were
	forgotten.
	
	Portability fixes. Fixes to make Nettle compile on systems
	without gmp. This version has been tested on GNU/Linux,
	Solaris, HPUX and AIX.

	The shared library is intended to be binary compatible with
	nettle-1.8. Only the minor version number of the shared
	library is increased.

NEWS for the 1.8 release

	New example programs, demonstrating encrypting and decrypting
	files using RSA, and random sessions keys for bulk encryption
	and message authentication.

	Support for systems that don't have alloca. On such systems,
	some of Nettle's functions have arbitrary limits applied to
	their input.

	Uses AX_CREATE_STDINT_H, to support systems without
	inttypes.h.

	Support for the md2 and md4 hash functions.
	 
	New name mangling, to reduce the risk of link collisions. All
	functions (except memxor) now use a nettle_ or _nettle_ prefix
	when seen by the linker. For most functions, the header file
	that declares a function also uses #define to provide a
	shorter more readable name without the prefix.

	The shared library soname for this version is libnettle.so.2.
	
NEWS for the 1.7 release

	Implemented DSA.

	Renamed RSA functions for consistency. Now it's
	rsa_public_key_init, not rsa_init_public_key, etc.

	Both RSA and DSA now have sign/verify functions that take the
	hash digest as argument.

	A rewritten and much more powerful sexp-conv program.

	Other changes to the sexp code, in particular updating it to
	the latest SPKI draft.

	Building nettle as a shared library (ELF only) seems to work.
	The version number is increased, so the library "soname" for
	this release is "libnettle.so.1".

	Bugfixes. Fixes for build and portability problems.

NEWS for the 1.6 release

	Optimized assembler implementations of aes, for sparc and x86.

	The aes interface has changed slightly. The function
	aes_set_key is no more. Instead one has to use
	aes_set_encrypt_key or aes_set_decrypt_key. Sorry about that. 

	New example programs, rsa-keygen, rsa-sign and rsa-verify,
	located in the examples directory.

	New configure option --enable-shared, which builds a shared
	library. Not tested.

	New experimental features, including sexp parsing and
	formatting, and changes to base64 encoding and decoding. The
	interfaces to these functions are subject to change, and are
	documented only in the source code.
	
NEWS for the 1.5 release

	RSA support. Key generation and signatures.
	
	Support for HMAC (RFC-2104).

	An implementation of the Yarrow-256 PRNG.

	New sections in the manual.
	
	Changed the interface for hash functions. The md5_digest
	function is now equivalent to the old sequence of md5_final,
	md5_digest, md5_init, and similarly for the other hashing
	algorithms. This makes the interface simpler.

NEWS for the 1.0 release

	Fixed twofish bug spotted by Jean-Pierre Stierlin.

	Added des3 and cbc.
	
	New RFC-1321-like interface in nettle/md5-compat.h, suggested
	by Assar Westerlund.

	New libdes-style compatibility interface in nettle/des-compat.h.
